## Public and Private API ##

_API documentation automatically generated by [docmeteor](https://github.com/raix/docmeteor)._

***

__File: ["access-point-common.js"](access-point-common.js) Where: {server|client}__

***

### <a name="FS.HTTP.setBaseUrl"></a>*fsHttp*.setBaseUrl(baseUrl)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Anywhere</i></sub> ###

*This method __setBaseUrl__ is defined in `FS.HTTP`*

__Arguments__

* __baseUrl__ *{String}*  

 Change the base URL for the HTTP GET and DELETE endpoints.


__Returns__  *{undefined}*


> ```FS.HTTP.setBaseUrl = function setBaseUrl(baseUrl) { ...``` [access-point-common.js:10](access-point-common.js#L10)


-

### <a name="FS.File.prototype.url"></a>*fsFile*.url([options])&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Anywhere</i></sub> ###

*This method __url__ is defined in `prototype` of `FS.File`*

__Arguments__

* __options__ *{object}*  (Optional)
    * __store__ *{string}*  (Optional)

    Name of the store to get from. If not defined,

    * __auth__ *{boolean}*  (Optional, Default = null)

    Wether or not the authenticate

    * __download__ *{boolean}*  (Optional, Default = false)

    Should headers be set to force a download

    * __brokenIsFine__ *{boolean}*  (Optional, Default = false)

    Return the URL even if


the first store defined in `options.stores` for the collection is used.
we know it's currently a broken link because the file hasn't been saved in
the requested store yet.

Return the http url for getting the file - on server set auth if wanting to
use authentication on client set auth to true or token

> ```FS.File.prototype.url = function(options) { ...``` [access-point-common.js:46](access-point-common.js#L46)


***

__File: ["access-point-server.js"](access-point-server.js) Where: {server}__

***

### <a name="FS.HTTP.publish"></a>*fsHttp*.publish(collection, func)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Server</i></sub> ###

*This method __publish__ is defined in `FS.HTTP`*

__Arguments__

* __collection__ *{[FS.Collection](#FS.Collection)}*  
* __func__ *{Function}*  

 Publish function that returns a cursor.


__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Publishes all documents returned by the cursor at a GET URL
with the format baseUrl/record/collectionName. The publish
function `this` is similar to normal `Meteor.publish`.

> ```FS.HTTP.publish = function fsHttpPublish(collection, func) { ...``` [access-point-server.js:32](access-point-server.js#L32)


-

### <a name="FS.HTTP.unpublish"></a>*fsHttp*.unpublish(collection)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Server</i></sub> ###

*This method __unpublish__ is defined in `FS.HTTP`*

__Arguments__

* __collection__ *{[FS.Collection](#FS.Collection)}*  

__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Unpublishes a restpoint created by a call to `FS.HTTP.publish`

> ```FS.HTTP.unpublish = function fsHttpUnpublish(collection) { ...``` [access-point-server.js:54](access-point-server.js#L54)


-

### <a name="httpGetDelHandler"></a>httpGetDelHandler()&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>undefined</i></sub> ###

*This method is private*

__Returns__  *{any}*
response


HTTP GET and DEL request handler

> ```function httpGetDelHandler(data) { ...``` [access-point-server.js:66](access-point-server.js#L66)


-

### <a name="self.setStatusCode"></a>*self*.setStatusCode {any}&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Server</i></sub> ###

```
From the DELETE spec:
A successful response SHOULD be 200 (OK) if the response includes an
entity describing the status, 202 (Accepted) if the action has not
yet been enacted, or 204 (No Content) if the action has been enacted
but the response does not include an entity.
```
*This property __setStatusCode__ is defined in `self`*

> ```self.setStatusCode(200);``` [access-point-server.js:106](access-point-server.js#L106)


***

__File: ["accessPoint.js"](accessPoint.js) Where: {server|client}__

***

### <a name="APDownload"></a>APDownload(fileObj, storeName, [start], [end])&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Anywhere</i></sub> ###

*This method is private*

__Arguments__

* __fileObj__ *{[FS.File](#FS.File)}*  

 The file object for which to download data.

* __storeName__ *{String}*  

 The name of the store from which we want data.

* __start__ *{Number}*  (Optional, Default = 0)

 Start position for the data chunk to be returned.

* __end__ *{Number}*  (Optional, Default = end of file)

 End position for the data chunk to be returned.


__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Returns the data, or partial data, for the `fileObj` as stored in the
store with name `storeName`.

Simply returns the result of fileObj.get() after checking "download"
allow/deny functions.

> ```var APDownload = function APDownload(fileObj, storeName, start, end) { ...``` [accessPoint.js:22](accessPoint.js#L22)


-

### <a name="FS.AccessPoint.DDP.mountGet"></a>*fsAccesspointDdp*.mountGet([options])&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Anywhere</i></sub> ###

*This method __mountGet__ is defined in `FS.AccessPoint.DDP`*

__Arguments__

* __options__ *{object}*  (Optional)

 Options

    * __name__ *{array}*  (Optional, Default = '/cfs/files/get')

    Define a custom method name


__TODO__
```
* possibly deprecate DDP downloads in favor of HTTP access point with "download" option
```


Mounts a download handler method with the given name

> ```FS.AccessPoint.DDP.mountGet = function(options) { ...``` [accessPoint.js:51](accessPoint.js#L51)



-
Mount defaults for use by all collections. You may call these
again with custom method names if you don't like the default names.
